Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
[funky hip-hop beat layers in]
[Raq] Previously on
Raising Kanan...
-[Amber] Uncle Marvin!
-[door smashes]
[gunshot]
It was a white guy with tattoos.
She's lying.
I think I can get her
to open up.
She really likes this family
she's with.
[gunshots]
[Marvin] Had to be
this motherfucker 'Nique.
-Where 'Nique?
-[Raq] 'Nique gone.
The nigga ain't runnin'. Marvin.
He just movin' on.
You need to move
the fuck on too.
[Breeze] You double up the Vics?
Also bumped up the Xanax
and the Ritalin.
Looks good.
We heard Breeze been playin' you
to the left for some new kid.
You actin' all grown...
but you still need your mama
to wipe...
-[thud]
-[grunts]
-[gunshot]
-[yells]
[gunshot]
DefCon was my father too. Kanan.
He was with my moms
before he got with yours.
You and me blood. nigga.
Brothers.
We got a spot for you
if you lookin'.
I know you didn't just ask me
if I wanted to work for you.
I don't give a fuck
how many niggas you drop.
how many corners you take.
you will never be above me
'cause you can't climb
that high. nigga.
Hell. you can't even see me!
Stay up...
gangster.
I know your product top-shelf.
and we got
prior business together.
so this shit should be easy.
I'm interested.
[Stefano] Your mother.
she's linked up
with Pino Bernardi...
-Your piece.
-an unparalleled cocksucker.
Looks like business is booming.
Bitches wanna get paid.
[Stefano] and Flossie Siegel...
Probably best if you don't
call them bitches.
[Stefano] ...who's got
a stable of whores
that are now moving
your mother's weight
around the city.
I still hate this shit for you.
Can't tell which one
more bootleg.
your car or your crib.
I started paying him
to step the fuck off
and also give me information.
-Where's the rest of it?
-I'm gonna get you all of it.
I just need a minute.
I think you need to comprehend
the seriousness
of what the fuck this is.
Flossie. she linked up
with this drug dealer
who works out of this
old club in the Village.
[tires screeching]
[shouts. whimpers]
Please don't hurt me.
I'll do whatever you want.
[Kanan] That's good. baby.
'cause we gonna need you
to do some shit.
[snorts. groans]
[sniffing loudly]
And then the kid
who was in charge.
he said. "Tell Raq
it was Kanan."
Pino can't protect you forever.
Fuck forever.
I'm here right now.
Stefano gonna make a move on us.
We gotta get in front
of that shit.
Can't be our people
doin' the work. though.
I can reach out to Memphis.
See if them crackers want it.
You only gonna get
one crack at this work.
Fuck that up. you ain't gonna
make it back to Tennessee.
-What's that?
-Trouble.
[ominous music playing]
[music fades]
♪ I'm a hustla. baby ♪
-♪ I'm a hustla. baby ♪
-♪ Yeah ♪
♪ I know heartbreaks Setbacks ♪
♪ Bitch. if I crap out
I'm sure I'ma get back ♪
♪ I been through
The ups and downs ♪
♪ You know I get around ♪
♪ So to me. it's all a part
Of the game ♪
♪ If I ain't the coke man
Or the dope man ♪
♪ I'm almost for sure. man
I gotta take it ♪
♪ No need to say shit
I'm gon' take it ♪
♪ Robberies turn homicide
It's nothin' to play with ♪
♪ Make money
Make-make-make money ♪
♪ When shit hit the fan
We'll take money. Southside ♪
♪ Beef with the best of 'em
Done shot at the rest of 'em ♪
♪ Checks. I'm collectin' 'em
Check. boy. I'm finessin' 'em ♪
♪ Big bags of bread ♪
♪ Boy. you fuck around
Put a big bag on your head ♪
♪ 'Fore the weather break
You're dead ♪
♪ Let's get to it ♪
♪ They don't do it
Like we do it ♪
♪ Cop it. whip it
Bag it. flip it ♪
♪ Re-up. we up
G'd up. what up? ♪
♪ Runnin' 'round this bitch
Still not givin' a fuck ♪
♪ When it come to that paper
There'll be no complications ♪
♪ Ha-ha. that's right ♪
♪ Put a hole in a nigga
Right in front of you ♪
♪ Your heartbeat pacin' ♪
♪ And it's alright ♪
♪ That's how we do it
On this side ♪
♪ Niggas get to it
♪ I know heartbreaks Setbacks ♪
♪ Bitch. if I crap out
I'm sure I'ma get back ♪
♪ I been through
The ups and downs ♪
♪ You know I get around ♪
♪ So to me. it's all a part
Of the game ♪
♪ If I ain't the coke man
Or the dope man ♪
♪ I'm almost for sure. man
I gotta take it ♪
♪ No need to say shit
I'm gon' take it ♪
♪ Robberies turn homicide
It's nothin' to play with ♪
♪ Ayy. ayy ♪
[Rileyy vocalization]
Stefano comin' for us.
Not even your mans Don fuckin'
Fettuccine in Manhattan
gon' be able to stop him.
Pino got his own beef
with Stefano.
and he a heavy hitter.
Let's see what he talkin' 'bout
before you start
pickin' out
our fuckin' tombstones.
The way I see it.
if we don't cop to nothin'.
Pino ain't gon' do nothin'.
That nigga wanna stay paid.
and we makin' him a hell
of a lot of money right now
with these girls
movin' our work.
But Flossie might be
dead in' our shit anyway.
She feelin' like there's
somethin' wrong with our dope.
She right about that.
At least when it come
to that judge.
Kanan grabbed that girl
and made her serve up
that bad yayo.
How the fuck you just
tellin' me this?
Because I wanted to figure out
what to do next for myself
before you got stupid out here.
[grim. ominous music playing]
Flossie like you.
You gonna need to smooth
this shit out with her.
What about Kanan?
We're gonna do wit' him
what we're doin' wit' Stefano.
Sit tight
and see how shit play out.
Can't just react.
Gotta be smart.
[music fades]
♪ Let's go deep inside the mind
Of a psychopath maniac ♪
♪ Took it on consignment ♪
♪ Had the nerve
Not to pay it back ♪
♪ Oh. you think I'm pussy ♪
♪ Look me in my eye And did it ♪
♪ Knew somebody
Would have to die for real ♪
♪ And you still shitted ♪
[older Kanan]
When niggas swimmin'.
they can't tell it's rainin'.
Can't feel that shit at all
'cause they ass already wet.
And it's the same thing when
you get caught up in the game.
You get in so deep.
you don't feel the storm
headed your way.
And by the time you do.
it's too late 'cause you
already drownin' anyway.
So stay out the water. nigga.
That shit ain't for you.
["Gangsters Don't Forget"
playing]
[song ends]
Your mother tried
to have me whacked.
[mellow music
plays in restaurant]
I ain't have shit
to do with that.
-Word is bond.
-[chuckles] "Word is bond"?
Whatever the fuck that means.
She's your mother. kid.
You expect me to believe that
you'd take my side over hers?
This ain't about her side.
Or your side.
This is about my side.
And right now.
my side is your side.
[inhales deeply] I warned you
things with her could get messy.
And now... here we are.
Do what you gotta do.
[ominous music playing]
I plan on it.
[music turns dramatic]
-You got somethin' for me?
-Man. you always creepin'.
Where's the rest
of my fuckin' money?
-You gotta give me a minute.
-I don't gotta give you shit.
I'm a police officer.
I could put a case on you
and your fuckin' family
whenever the fuck I want.
I'm gonna say it again
and you better fuckin' hear me.
Get me my fuckin' money
or something very bad's
gonna happen to you.
♪♪
[music fades]
[wind blowing]
There's no love lost
between Manhattan and Queens.
Or me and Stefano Marchetti.
But he's still a fuckin' boss!
I don't know
what you talkin' 'bout.
You hired some fuckin'
hillbillies to take him out.
But he turned the tables on you.
I don't know shit about that.
Of course you don't.
This just some bullshit
Stefano cooked up
so you'd step away from me.
Sorry motherfucker
doin' anything he can
to fuck up our business
together.
includin' offerin' up
some garbage
about how I tried to hit him.
Fuck outta here
with that bullshit.
[tense. ominous music playing]
I'll let Stefano know
that you and I spoke.
You got some
big old fuckin' balls.
Ain't balls.
It's all heart.
♪♪
[chuckles]
[music fades]
[engine shuts off]
Where Breeze shit at?
Who the fuck are you?
I ain't got time for this. man.
Go get me the work.
I don't fuckin' know you. man.
Serious?
I'm wit' Breeze.
You not wit' Breeze
until Breeze tells me
you wit' Breeze.
[sighs]
[scoffs]
[keys beeping]
[grim music playing]
[sighs]
[door creaks]
[music fades]
You been seein' Kanan at all?
Not really.
Chopped it up at Lamont's
for a minute a while back.
Hmm. Kanan busy
doin' his own shit.
What kind of shit he doin'?
Whatever the fuck he do.
Why?
Just tryin' to keep track
of him.
[Juke clears her throat]
That cop pressin' up hard on me
for the rest of his money.
Of course he is.
You got that nigga on the take
but you ain't givin' him
what he's supposed to be takin'.
Postin' up behind the bar
ain't payin' me enough.
I still don't know
why you fuckin'
with this police
in the first place.
All that's gonna be is trouble.
[ominous music playing]
I wanna start movin'
my own work.
Hell no.
I'm already posted up
at the club.
I didn't want you there.
You forced me into that.
I wanna bring on my own peoples
for deliveries
and take a piece
of whatever they bring in.
You already way closer
to this shit than I ever wanted.
Either I'ma do it wit' you
or I'ma do it
wit' somebody else...
but I'm doin' it.
I'm tired of everybody
gettin' paid but me.
Your Aunt Raq and me...
gon' take a big piece
of whatever you bring in.
I know how it works.
You think you do.
But you don't.
And that's what scare
the hell outta me.
[music fades]
[engine racing]
[tires screeching]
This motherfucker
don't wanna listen.
Fuck you doin'. Jorge?
I don't even know this kid
and he's tellin' me what to do?
When he told you me and him
workin' together.
that's all you needed to know.
I never even seen him before.
How was I supposed to know
he was tellin' the truth?
I was protectin' you.
And where's Taz at anyway?
He's the one
I usually fuck wit'.
Taz unavailable.
Just like you 'bout to be.
nigga.
[grunting]
Mm-hmm.
[Jorge moans]
[grunts]
-[grunts]
-[yells]
[tense. dramatic music playing]
[grunting]
[music fades]
[tense music playing]
I understand that you
and the fish man in Queens
are not so friendly anymore.
Don't know what the fuck
you heard.
but I ain't got no beef
with anybody out in Queens.
I'm successful and alive
because I have respected
other organizations' boundaries.
and in turn.
they have respected mine.
You'd be wise to do the same.
You should take
your own advice...
and respect me
and my fuckin' boundaries.
'Cause you oversteppin'.
Joaquin.
You have no boundaries.
That's the problem.
[music intensifies]
[music fades]
Slow down. girl.
That strawberry
ain't goin' nowhere.
How your new family
treatin' you?
I really like them.
And I think they like me too.
I'm happy for you.
I want you to have a great life.
Uncle Marvin?
The police talked to me again.
[upbeat pop music plays in shop]
And you told 'em what happened.
about the white boy
with all them tattoos.
They don't believe me.
And they said they're gonna
take me away
from my new family
if I don't tell the truth.
[somber music playing]
Police just tryin' to scare you.
They do that with everybody.
They're only gonna know
what you tell 'em.
So stick to that story
and you're good. okay?
Okay. Uncle Marvin.
[music fades]
You went hard as hell
on that nigga.
If you throwin'
that first punch.
you better be throwin'
the last one too.
-There you go.
-That pill shit all me.
Snaps and Pop ain't involved.
I want you to have a piece...
but it gotta stay between us.
That's a good look.
Appreciate it.
I take care of my brother.
-[chuckles]
-I take care of mines.
[Breeze] That's what
I'm talkin' 'bout.
I heard about that shit
wit' your mama's ho.
Who the fuck told you
about that shit? Krank?
Chatty-ass nigga.
Raq hit our shit.
I'ma hit hers.
You wanna hit back...
you gonna have to get
somethin' for it.
If it ain't about business.
it ain't about shit.
[grim music playing]
Wanna fuck wit' your moms.
make sure it's about this work.
Business gotta be personal.
Personal gotta be business.
[music fades]
[Stefano] To what do I owe
this fuckin' pleasure?
I heard you dodged
another bullet.
Just wanna make sure
you're safe and sound.
Men like us are never safe.
And the only sound we hear
is the clock ticking away
on the time we got left.
Hello. Come in. Come in.
You want coffee?
Uh. no. I'm fine.
[Stefano grunts] Here. Come.
Sit over here. Sit here.
I was horrified.
[Pino sighs]
When I heard what happened...
It's a fuckin' sacrilege!
The call came from your house.
The fuckin' dark queen of death
over there.
Raquel Thomas.
I asked her about it.
She said she had
nothin' to do with it.
Bullshit.
I got it straight
from the trailer trash
she hired to hit me
that it was her.
It's my understanding
that the shooters
are no longer with us
to confirm this particular
version of events.
You callin' me a liar. Pino?
No. I'm not callin' you
anything.
My friend. I'm merely suggesting
that you and Raquel
have a turbulent past.
But that's got nothin'
to do with me.
She works for you.
She works for herself!
I'm just her current landlord
from whom she rents space
to conduct her business.
If she owes back rent
to her former landlord.
that ain't my fuckin' problem.
She pays her rent.
On time and in full.
And. Stefano...
just so we understand
each other...
[ominous music playing]
Anybody fucks with my tenants...
they fuck with me.
[music fades]
[chatter in diner]
[Kanan] When it come to family
in the same line of work.
sometimes business
and personal get all crossed up.
For my mom.
that shit is one and the same.
[Breeze] Raq only half of you.
You still half Stark.
Remember that.
How you both DefCon's son
and Snaps and Pop's nephew?
Far as I know. they wasn't
family to each other.
I woulda heard that shit.
Snaps my mama's brother.
They name's Henry. though.
Where Frady come from?
After Def went in...
my moms met
some righteous nigga.
Married her.
and gave us his name.
You know Raq killed DefCon.
[ominous music playing]
Heard rumors.
Your moms took out our pops
and grabbed up his work.
[Kanan] That's how she move.
That's how she do.
Snaps and Pop loved Def.
That's why they hate Raq
so damn much.
I ain't know the nigga Def
enough to give a fuck about him.
but you should know
your moms ain't hesitate puttin'
down the father of her child.
Family don't mean shit to her.
Nobody need to tell me
who my moms is.
Not ever.
[chuckles]
-[music fades]
-[rock music playing in bar]
Thought you was done
with this Lo-Life. Juke.
I hit you 'cause I got
other work for you.
Real work.
[Twin-Lo chuckles] Uh-oh.
Sound like Juke on that
Southside Jamaica gangsterism.
You gon' be makin' ten times
what you was makin'
behind that Lo-Life bullshit.
No more robbin' trucks
or stores.
Just straight deliveries.
I'm tryin' to get at
the rest of the old crew too.
I got work for everybody.
[chuckles softly]
Check you out.
bringin' the ruckus.
The ruckus been brought. nigga.
Now it's time to get paid.
That's what I'm talkin' about.
Yeah!
[music fades]
[helicopter blades whirring]
Situation with Judge Baker
is a real disaster. Marvin.
He was bought and paid for
by quite a few people.
so his loss is gonna impact
their business.
Need to make sure that
the product you're putting out
isn't gonna kill anyone else.
This junkie-ass judge took
more than he could handle.
Shit ain't got nothin' to do
with our dope.
Okay. Well. I'm putting my trust
in you.
I can't have any more
of my clients dropping dead.
That's bad for business.
Yours and mine.
[scoffs] What you call
this again?
A "ba sistah"?
[Flossie] A bat mitzvah.
You're really interested
in all this Jewish stuff.
I like when somebody
believe in somethin'.
There's a bat mitzvah
almost every Saturday
at Park Avenue Synagogue
right down the street.
Just let me know
if you wanna go.
you can be my plus-one.
I'm down.
So you don't ever talk about
what happened to your daughter.
[dark. somber music playing]
My bad.
I get it. I'm sorry.
Shit ain't none of my business.
[Flossie] No. It's okay.
It's just that it hurts.
But just because it hurts
doesn't mean
I don't talk about it.
In fact. my shrink said
I'm supposed to talk
about what hurts.
That it's the best thing
I can do.
I heard that.
It's the oldest story
in the book.
Shira fell for the wrong guy.
He was a real piece of shit.
Son of one of these
Wall Street assholes
and the kid liked to drink.
So they were at his family's
house in the Hamptons
and he needed cigarettes.
So he and Shira got in his car.
and they didn't even make it
half a mile away
before he crossed
the double line
and drove head-on
into a fucking delivery van.
Hmm.
Shira was killed.
Instantly.
He walked away with
just a bruise on his shoulder.
And then his rich father
got him a great lawyer
and he skated with probation.
That's that white man's justice.
About a year later. he was drunk
on the subway platform
at 14th Street late at night
and...
somehow fell in front
of the 3 train.
They were mopping up
what was left of him for days.
Them platforms pretty big.
I guess he was
pretty drunk then.
[music intensifies]
[Flossie chuckles]
[knocking on door]
[music fades]
[gentle pop music plays
in apartment]
Look what the cat dragged in.
I was in the neighborhood.
[Jackie laughs]
Bullshit you were.
I might have some work for you.
Doing what?
Shit that'll pay your bills.
Despite what you might think.
I don't come cheap.
If you did...
I wouldn't fuck wit' you.
-[music fades]
-[engine rumbling]
Who are you?
Where's Taz?
Y'all are fuckin' wit' me now.
That gon' be a problem?
Man. fuck Lil' Taz.
He was a dick.
Always bitchin' about somethin'.
More like Lil' Spaz.
you know what I'm sayin'?
Get this shit out my ride.
[suspenseful music playing]
[music intensifies]
[music fades]
[Stefano] Grab this. Out here.
You know how to do it. huh?
Okay.
Hey. come talk over with me.
What do you know
about Raquel Thomas?
I know everybody
always talkin' 'bout her.
Seem like she always
up in the mix somehow.
That's because
she's a fuckin' plague.
Like an infection that-
that lingers and festers.
I need you to disrupt
her operation.
even though
we can't hit her directly.
She's got protection
from Manhattan.
But we can fuck up her supply.
And if she can't earn.
she ain't worth lookin' after
and Pino will cut her loose.
Kanan sayin' Raq usin' hos
to move product in the city.
Yeah. I'm-I'm aware.
I'll handle that piece of it.
Don't take this
the wrong way. Mr. Marchetti.
but what the fuck does Raq
have to do with our work?
I mean. we up in Queens while
she fuckin' wit' Manhattan.
I don't care if she's in
Tipperary or Timbuk-fuckin'-tu.
She tried to kill me.
She's gotta answer for that.
This ends with her dead.
No other conclusion to
this story's acceptable to me.
["Do Me Right" playing
in apartment]
We're not doin' that. Kanan.
You sure?
[sighs contentedly]
This isn't just about money
for me anymore.
♪ We can go a couple rounds ♪
♪ Tonight ♪
♪ Just know That your pleasure ♪
♪ Is my pleasure. baby ♪
Bein' with you
is about the only place
I feel safe right now.
♪ We can start here
Or in the shower ♪
[sighs]
♪ I'll rub your body
Gentle and slowly ♪
One of the other girls
was with this trick who ended up
dying from this blow
she sold him.
Flossie sayin' he ODed. but...
I heard she got grabbed up
and these guys forced her
to move bad shit.
♪ Don't be running. baby ♪
Damn.
I don't know if it's true.
And I don't even wanna know.
Either way.
this shit's fucked up.
♪ You ain't gotta love me ♪
♪ I just wanna know ♪
♪ I just wanna know... ♪
I ain't gon' let nothin' bad
happen to you. Jarita.
I got you.
I promise.
♪ I'll let you stay
If you do me right ♪
♪ Do me right ♪
-[indistinct chatter]
-[siren wailing in distance]
Why don't you take some glazed
home to the fam?
That's the rest
of what she owes you.
It's about fuckin' time.
I wasn't gon' get involved.
it's my daughter's deal.
not mine. but...
she's still a kid so she don't
know how this shit work yet.
[Juke] You got
all your money now.
Tell me what you know
about Famous.
Nothin' more than
what's already out there.
He disappeared
and then his body turned up.
No idea who did it or why.
Street sayin' police did him.
Let's not start pointin' fingers
at our new friend. Juke.
The police just don't
murder people.
Now you just sayin' dumb shit.
Niggas out here
target practice for police.
What you know about these cops.
Buckley and Roland?
What about 'em?
They dirty.
I don't know that to be true.
but even if they are.
they're not out here
killin' people.
They're shakedown guys.
Small-timers.
[Juke] Well...
you big-time now. detective.
You got your money.
Go get me information
about Fame.
[scoffs] It's not like I can
just magically solve some case
that's been cold for months.
You're gonna need to manage
your expectations.
[dramatic music playing]
I gotta go.
I hope it's gon' be
worth your money.
That cop.
better hope it's gon' be
worth my money.
[music fades]
I visited with Stefano.
Needless to say.
he was in a very sour mood.
Fuck Stefano Marchetti
and his mood.
I vouched for you.
Told him you're not
to be touched.
But...
[tittering]
He's pretty fuckin' pissed off.
What's that mean?
It means he knows
you tried to kill him.
And even more importantly.
he knows that I know
you tried to kill him.
And that's not something
he can simply ignore.
You above him.
He ain't gon' fuck wit' you.
No one's ever content
with their current station
in life. Raquel.
They're always looking
to climb the ladder.
Takin' me out...
would be a real feather
in Stefano's cap.
So you think he want your spot
and he comin' for you?
Not yet.
but sometime
in the not too distant future.
I'm quite certain
he'll make his move.
Fear not. though.
I'll get to him
before he gets to me.
I always do.
Meanwhile. I heard a rumor
that your son is working
with Stefano.
Any merit to said rumor?
Kanan do what he wanna do.
I ain't checkin' him like that.
Ohh. what a tangled web
we weave.
So Kanan is in league.
with the same guy who wants
to put a bullet in your head.
and that doesn't concern you?
What concerns me is moving
this work and making this money.
Anything outside of that
is noise
that's fuckin' wit' my focus.
Look...
Kanan a damn kid.
He just figured out how to tie
his own fuckin' shoes last week.
If I ain't worried about him.
you shouldn't be neither.
If-If I may offer a piece
of unsolicited advice.
I'd be very mindful of your kid.
If he's in cahoots with Stefano.
you can be goddamn sure.
he's sharing all sorts
of family secrets.
And that's not good.
For you or me.
I'm keepin' an eye on him.
Ohh. if I were you. I'd be
doing a hell of a lot more
than just keepin' an eye on him.
You got kids?
Two boys and a girl.
Older. though.
So you know how these kids
always actin' out.
tryin' to make space
between them and they parents.
They gotta fuck shit up wit' you
so they can feel like
they grown.
Shrinks call it
"soiling the nest."
But they're talkin' about kids
stayin' out too late
or not doin' the fuckin' dishes.
It's a very different
proposition
than Kanan working
with the cocksucker
that wants you dead!
I'm not takin' out my son.
if that's what you gettin' at.
Mr. Bernardi.
Not for you or nobody else.
[dramatic music playing]
Who said anything
about takin' him out?
I'm just saying
kids need discipline.
And a good parent knows
when to use a heavy hand.
And...
I'm just wondering...
are you a good parent. Raquel?
[music fades]
You wanna go for dinner later
or something?
I got a date.
but I can blow it off.
I got business to handle.
[mellow R&B music
playing in apartment]
What kind of business is that?
The kind of business
that ain't nobody else business.
I'm not a dummy. Kanan.
I know you into some shit
and I knew it
right when I met you.
[snorts softly]
I'ma take you out tomorrow.
[gentle music playing]
Somewhere good.
Be safe.
Now that I'm givin' freebies.
I'm invested in you.
[music darkens]
[door opens. closes]
[music fades]
Ah.
As soon as you set foot
in Queens.
cost of real estate doubled.
So now it's a dime
instead of a nickel?
[laughs] You.
Hi. Stefano.
It's good to see you.
How are you. sweetheart? Huh?
Geez. every time
I lay eyes on you.
I understand why your father
kept you away
from all us goombahs.
[laughs] Well. wish he had
done the same
when it came to orthodontists.
Woulda saved me
from a fucked up marriage
and an even shittier divorce.
[laughs] Well.
therein lies the rub.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
At least you know
what you're gettin'
when it comes to one of us.
Civilians?
-Full of surprises. [chuckles]
-[Flossie] Hmm.
I'm here out of respect for you.
Stefano.
For you.
and what you meant to my father.
But...
I can't let you tell me
how to run my business
and I won't have you tell me
who I can and can't work with.
She's a cancer. Flossie.
Raq lays waste to anything
she touches.
I respect you too much
to even have this conversation.
but what you need to understand.
on principle alone.
is that I will not allow anyone
to make decisions for me
about my work.
I'm sure you feel the same way
about your organization.
And I would never dare
force your hand.
I'm just trying to alert you
to a threat
that is in your midst.
[Flossie sighs]
You look good.
-[chuckles]
-You're aging gracefully.
[laughs]
Yeah. smoke and mirrors.
Doc says my-my colon
looks like Dresden.
[both laugh]
Dresden's still here.
So are you.
I have endless affection
for you. Floss.
That's why I feel compelled
to tell you one last time...
she's trouble.
The affection is mutual
and the warning is appreciated.
[sighs]
Moshe'd be real proud of you.
Until he took his last breath.
my father wanted me to be a boy.
So the only way
I could make him proud
is to figure out a way
to grow a dick.
Well. you know.
dicks are overrated.
-Tell me about it.
-[laughs]
Load up on broccoli
and cauliflower.
It's good for the colon.
-Okay.
-Good to see you. Stefano.
Well. look. take care. okay?
-Okay. Thanks.
-All right.
Bye.
[dramatic music playing]
[Alex Trebek] You drop to 100.
Let's go to Donna
who had $9.500.
And she too is shaking her head.
Why is that? She wrote down.
"What is economics?"
So if you risked more
than $3.200.
-then Dave Gordon...
-[knocking on door]
will be the new
Jeopardy! champion.
Your wager was...
$4.301.
-You risked...
-Fuckin' Final Jeopardy!
-Takin' out all these suck as.
-[clicks off]
[remote clatters on table]
You ready to do this?
Can't call it.
'Cause I don't know
what the fuck we doin'.
[dramatic music playing]
We workin'. nigga.
Always workin'.
Hmm.
[music fades]
[sirens blipping in distance]
[man sighs]
[grunts]
I missed you.
I missed you too.
[kisses]
-Mm.
-[laughs softly]
[kisses]
-Mmm.
-[both laugh]
[man] We're playing...
office girl tonight.
Let me go try it on.
[chuckles]
-[giggles]
-[man chuckles]
[solemn music playing]
[sighing heavily]
[music fades]
Was it too big or too small?
I'm not feelin' so good.
Maybe next time.
W-Wait! Maybe...
-Maybe we could...
-[door opens]
-[splutters]
-[door closes]
[sighs]
♪ Who wanna fuck
Wit' the rugged emcee ♪
♪ Ain't into threesomes ♪
♪ So y'all
Ain't fuckin' with me ♪
♪ Better believe. son ♪
♪ Leaves don't fall
Far from the tree ♪
♪ Don't want
No real funk nigga ♪
♪ You just sparring wit' me ♪
♪ These fools'
Whole style trash ♪
♪ Sound foreign to me ♪
♪ Never address me as son ♪
-[grunting]
-[crowd clamoring]
[indistinct shouting]
[speaking Spanish]
[crowd applauding]
[crowd chatter]
[sinister music playing]
♪♪
[speaking Spanish]
[door closes]
[music intensifies]
-[silenced gunshots]
-[grunts]
[music fades]
[ominous music playing]
The same thing
will happen to you someday.
And I'm gonna deserve it.
[music intensifies]
Just like you.
[silenced gunshots]
[body thuds on floor]
[music fades]
[Breeze] Kanan!
[upbeat. dramatic music playing]
-[gunshot echoes]
-Go! Go!
[gunfire]
[bullets pinging]
-[engine racing]
-[laughing]
[laughing]
[gunshot echoes]
-[chatter]
-[rock music plays in bar]
You still workin'
the Figueroa case?
I know it landed
back on your desk.
-Shawn Figueroa?
-Mm-hmm.
By the time the four-zero
sent it back.
just looking at that case
gave me frostbite.
[sighs] Nothing to do there.
One of my CIs is saying
maybe cops were involved.
Police involved
in killing that kid?
-Get the fuck outta here.
-Yeah. that's what I was saying
but the CI is standing by it.
How many of us
even knew about the case?
Truth is. no one was even
really paying attention
before the fuckin' feds tried
to connect Figueroa to Howard.
[grim music playing]
-[music fades]
-[machine whirring]
[mellow music playing
in Cafe Vous]
[door closes]
I need you to grab up one
of Kanan's bike boys.
I thought you said you ain't
want me to do nothin'.
I said we need to be smart
before we make our next move.
And smart is pullin' up
on one of Kanan's friends
from Little League?
We need intel. Marvin.
Gotta understand
what we up against
before we bring in
the fuckin' heavy artillery.
We in Manhattan now.
Why we still fuckin'
wit' Queens?
I mean. I kinda understand
the hit on Stefano.
he was tryin' to fuck
wit' our business. but Kanan?
He fucked wit' our product.
-Killed that judge.
-And we handled it.
Beefed up security.
and Flossie
ain't gon' change nothin'.
We make a bigger deal out of it.
it's gonna be a bigger deal.
Look.
Kanan and Stefano partners.
which make 'em one
and the motherfuckin' same.
And I know my son.
[dramatic music playing]
He ain't finished
fuckin' wit' me.
Stefano comin' for us
behind the hit we fucked up
and we pullin' down high school
niggas on ten speeds?
Feel like we look-lookin'
in the wrong direction.
We need to be lookin'
everywhere.
[music fades]
[Flossie] If you could
just leave it
downstairs with my doorman.
then I can pick it up later.
Thank you so much.
I appreciate your help
and I'll follow up
with you after.
Bye-bye.
Your last client called me.
saying you went home sick?
That time of the month.
Wasn't feelin' well.
Not according to my calendar.
Whatever.
I just wasn't in the mood.
You get paid to be in the mood.
And this isn't the first date
you've fucked up.
You were late for one last week.
and you left another one early
the week before.
-What's goin' on?
-I just got shit on my mind.
That's all.
We're not selling your mind.
We're selling your ass.
Pull yourself together. Jarita.
[grim music playing]
[music fades]
[cat meows]
[engine rumbling]
-[tires screeching]
-[grunting]
[tense. ominous music playing]
[grunting]
[pained groaning]
-[tires screeching]
-[engine rumbling]
[music fades]
[sighs]
-[knocking continues]
-[Kanan sighs]
What's good?
Raq's cops didn't do Famous.
You came here to tell me shit
I already know?
I have that detective on it.
Garcia.
The fuck?
Since when is Juke
talkin' to police?
Garcia was on Fame's case
for a minute.
Fuck Garcia.
And fuck all that shit
with Fame.
It don't matter no more.
He was your best fuckin' friend.
You don't wanna know
who did him like that?
He loved you. man.
-[phone ringing]
-[beep]
Yo.
They found whose scooter
in the road?
[dramatic music playing]
Primo?
Fuck.
How bad?
[music intensifies]
Damn.
[Primo grunts]
[yells]
I'm just
the fuckin' delivery guy!
I don't know shit!
What Kanan sayin' about me?
Kanan don't talk about you!
Not to me!
Again.
This little nigga
ain't got nothin'.
He knows shit.
He just need convincin'.
But all you wanna know is
whether Kanan talkin' about you?
Fuck's that got to do
with our work?
Kanan sent a message.
I'm sendin' one back.
Not like this.
We in a war. Marvin!
And this nigga is a soldier.
[gunshots echoing]
Yo! What the fuck?!
[tense. ominous music playing]
This drama wit' Kanan
ain't worth all this!
You takin' your shit with him
and puttin' it
on everybody else!
Kanan killed Lou.
[panting]
What the fuck you just say?
Wasn't Unique.
It was Kanan.
He put down our brother.
[music intensifies]
[music fades]
You need to come with me
next time I spit at Garcia.
He'll tell you.
I'ma have to get at you
later. Juke.
[banging on door]
Got some shit goin' on.
[banging continues]
[Marvin. forcefully] Kanan!
[Kanan sighs]
[grunts]
[Juke] Dad. stop!
What the fuck are you doin'?
[Marvin] Punk-ass motherfucker.
I always knew...
-Stop!
-[grunting]
you were no good.
[Juke] Stop! No. no. no! Stop!
It's 'cause you had no daddy
to put you in your place.
[Juke] What the fuck. Dad?!
[grunts]
[Juke] What the fuck?
So now I'm gonna have to put you
through the fuckin' ground.
nigga.
No. no. stop. No. no. no!
Dad! Dad! Stop!
Stop! Stop! Stop!
Dad! Dad! Stop! Stop!
Stop! What you doin'? Stop!
Kanan killed Lou!
Your own fuckin' cousin
killed your uncle!
[intense dramatic music playing]
[groaning]
-[squelching thud]
-[all sound distorts]
[glass shattering]
[Juke] No. no. no. no.
-[gun cocks]
-[Juke] No. no. no. no. no.
No. no. no.
You're not gonna do that. No.
You fuckin' hear what I said?
-Kanan killed Lou.
-No. No. Let's go.
Dad. please. Please! Let's go.
Please! Please. let's go!
You lookin'
for that scooter nigga.
he dead.
-Just like you gon' be.
-Come on.
Come on.
♪♪
[older Kanan] You don't never
forget a whuppin' like that.
Shit stay wit' you.
But what don't kill you
only make you better.
So you get strong.
You get mean.
[music fades]
And then you get even.
["The Payback"
by James Brown playing]
[women vocalizing]
♪ Hey! ♪
♪ Gotta. gotta payback ♪
[backing singers]
♪ The big payback ♪
♪ Revenge ♪
[women vocalizing]
-♪ I'm mad ♪
-♪ The big payback ♪
♪ Got to get back ♪
♪ I need some get back ♪
[vocalizing continues]
♪ Payback ♪
-♪ Payback ♪
-♪ The big payback ♪
♪ There it is ♪
♪ Payback ♪
[vocalizing continues]
♪ Revenge ♪
♪ I'm mad ♪
♪ You get down
With my girlfriend ♪
♪ That ain't right ♪
♪ Whoo ♪
♪ Talkin' ♪
♪ Hollerin'. cussin' ♪
♪ You want to fight ♪
♪ Payback is a thing
You got to see ♪
♪ Hell ♪
♪ Never do any damn thing
To me ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org